dead character is called Kiran Patel
spouse is called Krishna Patel
company is called MLM Solutions Ltd.

Affair: Celes
Anger management: Peyton?

Other:
Paris
Kim (busked)
Ruska
Peyton Sanchez: CEO
Raven
Saffron Shaw



in Giza (GPD)
Detective Inspector Flaherty did prelim investigations

"I had a look at the balance sheet. Something doesn't add up."
balance sheet made
formatting
FAON orders police to step out of Kiran's life

resignation deleted in git history

Anonymous someone sending threatening emails to a staff member?
Turns out that Kiran has access to that email account!

should go back and make sure transcript doesn't reveal too much



Murder Mystery Online Help:
Victim is Kiran Patel, 35 year old tech human at a startup.
You are someone working for the police
Possible motives: spouse and other love (jealousy), co-founder for rage, underling for money or bad treatment
Ideal red herring would be spouse


Structure:
1: Initial survey, opening files. Read emails, look at website, skimread finances.
-- Need some excitement, interest. Make them understand something about who the characters are.
-- Emails need to be characters.
2: Look at website html, find encrypted emails, find finance discrepancy.
-- Need To make them work for it. Ugly side of each character.
-- Inklings of affair, of anger management.
3: Uncover git history. Decrypt emails.
-- Revelations.
4: Done.

Should add backtracking and reinterpretation
"hijack brain's simulation tech" imagination
when interrogated, answer with questions
matrix?


Verbs:
- absorb
- uncover
- wonder

MySQL database (search history?)

Profiles:
Kiran Patel: co-founder and chief officer(bday 1973-07-10) extremely short emails
Krishna Patel (bday 1972-01-17) is diplomat
Celes D'Agostino (bday 1979-11-30) into astrology
Peyton Sanchez: CEO "Founder and supreme officer", anger management
Paris Montferrat: magician
Kim Soroka: a bit of a jerk, precise copywriter, virtuosic violinist
Raven Marsick: Director of Administration, died of heart disease
Ruska Keating: best friends with Raven until death. poet

Saffron Shaw: Kiran doesn't like

Should put notes for these.


Emails:
One email to everyone in contacts
Encrypted emails


EVENTS:
=======

Remember to change message ids and filenames, e.g. random letters
And thread threads
And split up each message by id

Should have more messages with non-Peyton peeps, esp. near start

MARSICK DEATH
$Raven - moneys don't add up (Peyton away)
$Peyton - shoot, Raven's dead
$Ruska - deeply grieved - I need to take some time off
$- Take all time you need
$Peyton - what about giving Ruska the role? honestly, if you weren't in your role, Ruska might get it off you!!

KIRAN WITH KRISHNA
$Krishna - hey hon can't make something
$Kiran - Distance
$Krishna - called you. Who saw; miss you
$Kiran - was asleep
$Krishna - Borrowed USB - weird encrypted files? work
$Kiran - Just temporary backups, because work been doing weird things: lost all email timestamps

KIRAN WITH CELES (personal accounts)
$Celes - quick question, star sign?
$Kiran - answer + I have your birthday committed to memory.

GENERIC COPY ADJUSTMENT
$Kiran - can you look over this before Kim tears it to pieces, haha
$Celes - ya sure (sly inside joke) this is like last time - signed Love,


GENERIC RESOURCE THING MISSING
$Kiran - can I have this file for finances
$Paris - yes, I'd get it to you, except you keep compromising the security. the break in was because of you. progressively angrier. mentions Raven's death (admin)
$Paris - mild apology, some threat 'we'll talk later'

DRAFT:
$krishna wish you were home more (pre-New York) I know you love your career
$to Krishna (Peyton?) - I've made a mistake
$encryption key?

'traditor'
~~~~
AFFAIR

EMBEZZLEMENT
Raven was dying, so wanted money for kids

DI Flaherty was involved

Maybe it was a suicide? A frame job? Kiran framing someone?

Only information you get about the police is from a police interview. The interviewee keeps asking them questions. Celes?
	Celes thinks Kiran did it, and tries to protect them.

Search history

The cops are in on the embezzlement
"traditor"

Peyton was reading every email and had Raven killed
