transcript with flaherty, lars, celes
celes runs rings, ends up getting a lot closer to figuring out that flaherty is corrupt
"in media ineffective crime corruption"
Lars good cop Flaherty bad cop

Interrogation plan
Celes confused and horrified, fearful about what's going to happen to them and Kiran
How do the detectives prepare? What have they decided is their strategy?
  Logic and reasoning
    Ease of establishing guilt
    Pointlessness of denial "We can just ask the rest of the company"
  Emotional/psychological
    How serious the situation is
    Relationships with others e.g. victims
Establishing the physical conditions of the interrogation
"You're lying" to detectives

Jodi Arias interview thoughts:
  Has evidence
  Wants answers on why and statements
  Explains exactly what's going on, using euphemistic language
  Puts a personal spin on the Miranda warning
  Date (confirmation) time, case number
  Explains exactly what's going to happen
  Don't want to feel pressured, you can voluntarily answer
  Positive spin, personal spin on her life
  Matter of fact about people blaming her
  Confident about understanding of what's going on
  Does occasionally interrupt to make a point
  Talks about concerns of privacy, and explains herself, leading into story
  Emotional side of relationship, sad about missed things and guilt about money, very personal about thoughts
  Open about memories
  Offering suggestions
  Trying to clarify the timeline, wanting to offer things

  Interrupts any straight up denials
  But is happy to hear her create other lies
  Quite clear, matter of fact, explains thought process
  Wanted to know what she did wrong
  This is some of the best evidence I've ever had in a case
  Only can speculate about the various ways it could have played out, presents a good light about it, but does think she did it

Evidence against whomever
Irrelevant questions?
Prepared speech, matter of fact
Assertions for direct confrontation
When the subject has time to elocute, they have power. The confident one makes jokes.
Questions versus elocution is a good dynamic.
Someone can get pissed off.
Playing with the record
Reviewing what's been said.
Changing the stakes. Re-changing them at the last moment.
Being a friend who just needs to get through this interrogation with you.
Confidence, friendliness, just wanting the truth in conversation.

Summary confrontation
Pieces of evidence: "I get why you did it", interrupting denials, refuting objections
"We're on your side" confronting but familiar, looking for signs of weakness
Two possible reasons for why

Initial conditions:
Celes believes (will believe) that Kiran did any embezzling
Flaherty is in on corruption (that Peyton Sanchez payed them off (to kill Raven and to cover it up???)) [why? Peyton gave Flaherty confidential information]
Flaherty and Lars know evidence that suggests Celes is in dire financial straights and could have had opportunity to maybe embezzle [how?]
They also know that Raven was found dead () [how? something non-murderous]

Celes learns that embezzling happened
Celes learns anything about Raven's death???
Celes learns that Flaherty has information that there was no legitimate way to get hold of, and got it from Peyton
Celes learns that Flaherty has cut some deal with Peyton

Flaherty learns that Celes and Kiran were having an affair
Lars learns to be suspicious of Flaherty

Audience learns that Flaherty and Peyton are working together
Audience learns that police don't think this has anything to do with Raven's death
Audience wonders what Flaherty and Peyton are up to
Audience wonders whether Lars is in on it
Audience learns that Peyton was watching emails(?)

What do I need to remove: Marsick did not get killed by anyone

Flow:
Starts out with detectives having upper hand, but each step forward, Celes gets something out of them.
  After establishing the situation briefly, Celes pretends to be lost.
  A series of questions, then repeating the important one when they try to brush them off.
In response to 'I don't have that information', Celes says "get that other cop in here, the one that looked competent" "Lars?" "I thought you were lars?" "I'm Flaherty"
Eventually Celes shuts them down.
"You aren't the brightest." wasting my time, I know you're incompetent or wilfully negligent. If you continue going after me or who I care about, you'll find yourself in the same place you started. On the other side of a table with me. (?)
Lawyer.

Interruptions show balance of power.
When the subject has time to elocute, they have power. The confident one makes jokes.


Beats:
======
Celes unsure, unrevealing, comments about room conditions
Flaherty shares what's going on in lots of detail (euphemistically), interrupting Celes not sure what's going on. The speech sounds prepared, mentioning Celes' first name. [][][][]
Claims to have assembled a lot (???) of evidence, and that going to ask some questions to figure out what happened
Flaherty continues expositing about [][][]
Asks if Celes understands. Celes confirms.
Flaherty starts with a simple question [][][], Celes is more concerned about the evidence
Flaherty moves on to evidence, spinning things
Money is missing, for any number of reasons, probably taken by employee
Your finances are crap.
Celes says they don't know anything. Flaherty interrupts that they just want some answers or whatever. Celes is still talking a little.
Flaherty asks Celes to make eye contact then repeats.
Celes rebuts that they are still in a bad financial situation and they have a sense of honour

???

Flaherty replies that they can just ask the rest of the company

??? (Celes makes some kind of rebuttal)

Flaherty goes into Celes' access to the money
Celes says no access, only Peyton and... Kiran
Celes asks a revealing question about Kiran.
Flaherty shows they've picked up on it.
Celes diverts to Marsick

Flaherty confirms that Marsick's death doesn't seem to be related
Cracks a joke about hearts getting them in trouble

Flaherty comments that Celes and Kiran have sent some sensitive emails
Asks if Celes would like Flaherty to read one
Celes wants to know how that information came out, plus other questions
Flaherty alludes to a source that will remain anonymous.
Celes deduces Peyton.
Flaherty pressed Celes relationship to Kiran as a means
Flaherty leads into why Celes might be hiding information for good reasons, love, or possibly for not so good ones, selfish greed.
Flaherty claims to want to believe the best of Celes, using name, but mostly just wants to establish the truth.

???

Flaherty makes a pointed question to Celes. Celes asks a flurry of questions.
Celes asks about how they found out about money, where the money come from, and why Peyton gave access to private emails, and how much money there was.
Flaherty reminds them that they both want the interview to conclude smoothly.
Celes repeats the important question, possibly about Peyton.
Flaherty answers briefly, saying the emails were required for the case. Celes pushes, saying it must have been Peyton.
Asks what they even wanted to find, whether it's even legal.
Flaherty denies knowledge of these matters citing unimportant, prompting Celes to ask for the other detective.
Flaherty leaves to fetch Lars, and introduces Celes.
Lars arrives and greets both, saying has met Celes (Flaherty concedes this), and wondering whether to call them Celes.

???

Lars asks Celes a question about Kiran.
Celes deflects with a joke and asks Lars something similar about Flaherty.
Celes teases that Lars is blushing.
Lars denies this.

???

Celes wonders why they're so anxious to close the case.
Lars does not follow, so comments on the illegality of the investigation, and asks if Lars was aware of it.
Flaherty is indignant.
Lars stops Flaherty.
Lars has nothing to offer and claims to have followed all due process with their involvement.
Celes accuses Lars of lying (even though only Flaherty knows anything)
Justifies by repeating that something is up with the case (not implicating Lars directly)
Lars assures them they will look into the matter.

???

Celes insults their intelligence.
Lars tries to get things back on track, but Celes overtalks with a description of what's going to happen next, telling them to remove all confidential files, and to leave alone the people Celes loves
Celes ends that they can interrogate their lawyer
Flaherty tries to stop Celes
Lars says that the interview has concluded/terminated at time.
Transcript ends


===
Why didn't Peyton say that I don't have access to the funds?
===
