Digitised from handwriting on A4 lined paper. Original scans available in archive.
Page found in the possession of Ruska Keating, collected into evidence by DI Flaherty regarding embezzlement case C381.
Page text follows.


Note for posterity, I put all the unfiled client reports away rather than let them stay on the inbox desk forever. There were about twenty, and they were already alphabetical. Inane as it is to record where I moved a stack of papers, it's a way for me to stay in control of everything. Most of it went into MISC. It's not how you would have done it, but that was your knack, not mine. It's hard to do anything right with the state it's all in. I tried to cross out your name on the door but I couldn't do that.
They say it was your heart. I felt it one time in your ribcage beating against my palm. I remember the birdsong painfully in the trees and the bird flutter feeling there. I couldn't see whether you were breathing. It must have been late June, from the sharpness of sky blue in the light. You were lying on the ground I think after climbing out the window on the south side of work, pages hurled everywhere inside of course. You had shimmied over the ledge, and as the room inside went dark and the papers landed, you must have slipped. "Danger!" anyone shouted, not that anyone listened. I took a step to you, and another, because how could I keep my distance from a now dark room and a falling friend? If you could see my face, your eyes were expert liars; the pupils went big and small over and over like the muscle in your chest. In my mind it was something like dread I guess, or when a puppy's mother lifts it by it's neck scruff and all my skin goes taut. I could never really put it in words but I know I remember it just the same. The pug skin taut is not a memory like your beating heart, not far off, because I feel it now, all over me. It's a fact of not knowing if I'll see you again.
Work was quieting thank Christ but so were you I worried. You were almost silent on the grass, all birdsong above. I counted heartbeats but I wasn't sure whose they belonged to. I, it crossed my mind might be repeating my mistake when with you, of filling in a silence with myself. In my wrong mind you were lying dead right there, killed by a sudden slip after surviving a Tempest. I ascribed what could have been my own heartbeats to your pulse, because I can't bear there to be nothing.
Now there's nothing to confuse. I know your heart is silent from what they told me, and yet here I am, trying desperately to fill in the empty air with a memory of you. That time you coughed, sat up strained against my hand pressing against your chest. In the memory you haven't gone. You haven't gone.
Documents stream in unendingly, some of them assigned to your name on the page. If you were still here you'd know what do with them all. It was down to a science with you, and with all the dangers that science implies. You caused your own little Storm of papers, but they always settled in the right place. It's at the point where I can't read one of them without remembering your patient smile at the admin desk. I don't leave them where they belong. Into MISC, all of them. Categorizing a Raven report risks confronting you.
Yesterday I walked into work and collapsed into my chair. It felt like until I sat down you were above me holding me standing, suspending my frame by my neck and skin. Like my skeleton was worth nothing anymore and I can't stand up alone. At some point I heard a paper flutter and I realised I was only staring through that southern window at blue. I blinked and went home. I'm going to tell myself that we were separate people who can survive without the other, that your heart would have kept on beating even without the pressure of my palm on your chest. My heart isn't weak. My eyes are unclouded. The birds are chirping today. I haven't learned how to share their glee without you anymore. At work Kim was playing violin, and of course you and I know how much I hate that lump of wood, as well as the violin. Kim plays like the song is missing some vital thing. But today something is really gone: you. I pretended to ignore Kim as always but I was crying I think. The vital thing you're missing, they say it was your heart, but maybe your eyes really did it. Late June, if you couldn't focus on my face above yours in that moment, what were you even seeing? A pinprick moving towards and away, pupils smaller, bigger and small again. I don't know how to report our story except in metaphors.
That's not true. I know exactly what to say, it burns on my tongue, but the only sentence I can face myself to write is these ones with half truths and analogies. You never faltered what to say, no matter how near death you looked. Do you remember it too, how you sat up, blinked at me, and told me you weren't going anywhere, not ever anywhere away? I believed you.
Expert liar then, because now you're gone. The worst part is, in my heart of hearts I still believe you. I'm still wondering at work when the tempest will die down and life will keep going. I'm still waiting for you to come back, sit at that admin desk. I imagine you right in front of me, then open my eyes to realize just how far away you are. I wait for them to adjust to a pinprick in the distance but, every time I blink they close and you're close too.
I think I loved you, for at least a brief moment. Three brief moments. You know the third. The second one was when you told me about your home up North, how the mountains reach up at the sky, and the red blush of dawn blankets your pathway, and the crimes you would never question to see your family safe there.
The first time I loved you, you told me you would never leave. No matter how hard I try to capture that moment, there's nothing left of you to love. There's only your frenzied pupils and both our panicked hearts. I've figured out which word to use for that feeling in my gut. It's fission. The indivisible atom of you and I, I'm trying my damnedest to hold on to that, but forces of the universe tear that into too many pieces. It burns trying to hold particles stable in such a chaotic world. I keep searching for order in the entropy. Meaning to my madness. Why have you died, and when are you coming back?
When you first fell from that Tempest, I should have kept my distance.
